Subtitle by Đam Mê Việt - D2M Subteam
I ask you, you are the one who asked the administrators
for increasing the budget for your club, right?
Yes, what next?
You are still asking about the next thing?
Because of your bullshit request,
The administrators have cut all the spendings for our club.
You see the thing that you have done is ok?
Baby,
That thing becomes from your club
You don't have any special activities, that you are right to be cut spendings
You say that to hear it?
Both of asketball and music are the most excellent clubs in the school.
If cut the spending of this side to pay for other side
Then please asking that how can we do?
You guys think
I care about what will go on with your club like that?
Our basketball club is still the best
You say that to hear it?
You...
Stop
I can't really stand on with you guys anymore, huh?
Why are you so hard-headed? Why don't you follow any times that I talk to you?
Huh? Why is that?
Hey, Don't think that you study in this international school then you can do everything you want
Never, never, never happen that thing.
When I'm still here
Don't dream that you can mess this school up.
Because the music club start it first, teacher.
Basketball club's member: Anh Duc
Huh, I think you guys start it first, right?
Hey hey hey, I'm still standing here but you guys can be like that?
If I'm not here, what do you wanna do?
Fight together until all of you get injured?
Ms. Thao - The darkness supervisor, twin sister with biology teacher.
Hard-headed must also be in a accreptable level.
I can never accept this status.
In this school, do you hear? Do you here it?
What's going on, Ms. Thao? | Can never have the thing that...
Mr. Tam...
Stand up, guys.
Mr. Tam - Total charge teacher
Hey, Hey, who let you stand up? Who allow you to stand up?
Continue standing like that for me...
Mr, you see, what are the studenr that don't hear anything we teach.
They are always hard-headed like that, we have to teach those guys.
Or else, let me talk to you this, if you keep being gentle like this
It won't be ok, Mr.
You can easy with everyone but except our students.
You are fighting together because of the thing that administrator cut off the budget, right?
Yes, It's true, teacher.
I can't understand, this...
hotboy guy can request to the school like that.
I see it, you all stand up.
Hey, horse stand down, stand down, I will talk to the teacher.
Mr. Tam, you are always like that? what are you friendly with students for?
Friendly with me only, it's enough.
We have to teach the student who are hard-headed.
Or else they will be spoiled.
Honestly... this' also fault of school.
then makes they fight together.
Ms. Thao please forgive those guys this time.
It can not, they will still be  like that if we keep forgiving them.
If we keep...
Ms Thao forgive the students this time, please.
It can not, Mr
Omg, Mr, don't smile like that, I beg you...
I kowtow you...
I can ignore everything when you are smiling.
Alright, because of your smile
I will dismiss all, nah...
Hey...
I respect your teacher, I forgive you because of Mr. Tam.
Never have the next time, hear it? hear it?
Mr. Tam.
I go first
You can keep being here
Oh god, You wear the suit seem very handsome
I go first, teacher
I go first.
Good bye, Miss.
Pay attention to me, don't you ?
All of you stand up please
Actually, the school cut down on budget's music club for basketball's club
It's not due to Dang
Dang only wanted to rise the budget of basketball's club
But school does not have enough money for all school clubs
So the school used a part of budget music club for basketball club
I don't agree with this decision anymore but it was conducted
So I...
But the music club is going to hold a music festival for school in the end of this school year
So we really need money in order to buy some instruments
I see
But I don't want you to use your own money to do this
Actually
I don't want to affect any other clubs
By my own club
But as you know that, this money is not enough
Not enough to pay for club's activities
Hmm, I have another way
Which? Let tell us
I will spend a part of my own money on holding a small competition for all of you
If any clubs win, it will receive school's budget
Ok...
It looks good but ...
Your own money...
Don't worry too much, it's just a small contest
But...
Don't worry too much please
I think this way is completely good, isn't it?
Let be strong because all of you are the mature men
Yes
Ok, this contest comprises 3 rounds
The first round, we are going to compete with basketball
The second round is music
And the final round is English knowledge
I will give points of 3 rounds
You will get the school's budget if your points are highest
So let clasp
From now, I don't want to see any problems between 2 clubs anymore
Let compete equally
And try your best to the end
To the final
Don't worry
Do you forget that we have a have been basketball player?
Really?
Yes
Does Lam good at basketball ?
Music club's member: Anh Kiet - Classmate with Quan in 10A class.
Hmmm... your Lam
Good at every thing
So don't worry too much
So we will reduce the music time to play basketball
And Lam will help us with playing basketball
Yes
Now it's time for us to go to our class
Let go
All things will be alright
Go
Oh my dear, my son come back home
Oh my dear, let sit down with me
Hi mom, I've come back
I've just cook this food for you
Yes
So was you late this morning?
Not too much, just break time
You had breakfast in beak time before studying is all right
He had some problems at school
Which?
I knew this
He fell in love with someone :>
Thanh Thao - Lam's sister - Freshman in the uiversity, faculty of design
How did you know my problems?
You are always bullying me
You will be sad if I do not bullying you
Oh my little brother
Do you wash your hands?
Stop, stop, wash your hand please
You are girl but not stay healthy anymore
You will be ill if bacteria attack you
And who will take care of you? It's me
Wash your hands quickly
She told me that I would be more healthy if I did not wash my hands before eating
She looks more healthy than me
Fine
Let eat, eat all dishes except her piece
Whatever will she be
You are always bullying me
So let tell me your school's problems
It is...
Mom!
You look like you have the only one son, your daughter is disappeared
So do you see your sister anywhere?
Completely no.
She makes me think that I did not born her before sometimes
Mom!
I'm just kidding
Haizz a twenty-year-old person looks like...
Such a delicious dish
You are so good at cooking
Thanks but I bought it, I did not cook this
Oh really?
I bought it in the restaurant
This is my problem looks like...
I think It's also true when you do like that
You can practice with friends, but you have to remember that
Your leg is not as same as others' leg.
I know, mom.
I am dead, mom...
~!@#$%^&*
I am late in my classes.
I thought the house was burned when this girl's late
Thank you.
Hey there, I have just met the angel of my life this afternoon!
I don't know how many angels you have, you always look at the girls then make illusions.
This times is true, My dream angel's excellently beatiful.
Keep your mind!
Đăng!
Yes?
Let's eat some fruits
My god, don't know whom you are chatting to but makes you smile passionately like that.
Let's eat fruit, I'm busy so I haven't asked about your studying for a long time
And Long - Your friend used to usually come here to play, why can't I see him anymore?
You don't need to answer, I have known already.
The boys in this age are always like that.
As long as they have girlfriends, they will focus on her surely.
Then they forget all their close friends, can't find them everywhere
Mom...
You ask many question in the same time, how can I answer?
Ask too much? I ask too much?
Mom, eat watermelon
Honestly, In that heap of questions, I wanna only ask about your studying.
Don't worry.
I'm your son.
Only thing that my basketball club these day
Has some problems
But mom don't worry, I can solve them all.
I believe in you.
My son is the greatest, the most handsome boy, and the most talented.
OMG, you are my angel, my brightness of my life.
I believe in whatever you do.
You only need to try your best in learning because you are grade 12 now, you know?
We have to focus on studying more, do you understand?
God, if you have any problems, I will die, I can't stand on living anymore.
Yes, I know.
Let's eat.
OMG
What's wrong, mom?
I forget
This thing is very important
Now I have to come there
I let Thanh back to her home
Or else she will stay here til morning.
You eat whole this plate of watermelon for me, please.
Yes.
The story is so attractive?
Do you know what time it is now? You are still sitting there?
Yes, 9 o'clock madam.
Uh, 9 o'clock.
It should be that you come back home for me to close the door and sleep.
It's only like that but you read it everyday
You always read those old story.
My god, madam, in this story
Every boys are very handsome, madam
Don't see that I am boor then I don't know anything.
Boy's Love story right?
In the boy love story, the boy likes the other boy,
He doesn't like you, don't make illusion
Forget it, as long as they love together
I'm truly happy
Yes
Or can you back to home and be happy? I have to close the door and sleep.
yes.
Or else they think I exploit the labor
Weirdly, allow coming home early then she doesn't want
Don't know what she keeps staying here for?
Sometimes I wanna be gentle but I can't, so uncomfortable.
Hoang...
What is Hoang Dang and change to Hoang Minh?
There are comments
Hotboy
Hotboy in my heart
Hot dog is more true.
There are also advertisements
But I need to realize that...
He is a little handsome.
Normally
In short, he's not as handsome as me.
What a stupid face and they say it handsome?
You...
What are you doing with me? Let me go
Are you crazy? Let me go
Yes, I'm crazy now
You are a crazy guy
Shut up.
I'm crazy so I tied you up.
If you don't let me go, you will die with me.
I am not stupid. What if i let you go and you hit me?
Damn you, you, insolent, insolent.
You'r crazy
Let's die guy
You are a crazy guy
Why don't you guys smile? Let's smile...
Let me go
You will die with me.